Create ui-c8y-1021-63-0-enable-pre-filling-of-single-device-registration-8922.md (#3248)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-63-0-enable-pre-filling-of-single-device-registration-8922.md

---
date: ""

> title: Enable pre-filling of single device registration (#8922)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Allow pre-filling of single device registration form via query parameters
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63157
version: 1021.63.0
---

> Enable pre-filling of single device registration (#8922)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify the device registration process, the single device registration form can now be pre-filled with device information. When a user opens the device registration page, the form fields will be automatically populated with available device details from the query parameters, reducing manual input. This change improves the user experience by saving time and effort during device registration.
```

> To simplify the device registration process, the single device registration form can now be pre-filled with device information. When a user opens the device registration page, the form fields will be automatically populated with available device details from the query parameters, reducing manual input. This change improves the user experience by saving time and effort during device registration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To simplify the device registration process, the single device registration form can now be pre-filled with device information. When a user opens the device registration dialog, the form fields are automatically populated with available device details from the query parameters, reducing manual input. This change improves the user experience by saving time and effort during device registration.
```
